chore(observability): deprecate obsolete http metrics (#18972)
vectordotdev/vector: website/content/en/highlights/2023-11-07-0-34-0-upgrade-guide.md

1. [Removal of Deprecated Datadog Component Config Options](#datadog-deprecated-config-options)
1. [Removal of Deprecated `component_name` Metric Tag](#deprecated-component-name)

and **deprecations**:

> 1. [Deprecation of `requests_completed_total`, `request_duration_seconds`, and `requests_received_total` Internal Metrics](#deprcate-obsolete-http-metrics)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Deprecation of `requests_completed_total`, `request_duration_seconds`, and `requests_received_total` Internal Metrics](#deprecate-obsolete-http-metrics)
```

#### Removal of Deprecated `component_name` Metric Tag {#deprecated-component-name}

The deprecated `component_name` tag has been removed from all internal metrics. Instead the `component_id` tag should be used.

### Deprecations

> #### Deprecation of `requests_completed_total`, `request_duration_seconds`, and `requests_received_total` Internal Metrics {#deprcate-obsolete-http-metrics}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Deprecation of `requests_completed_total`, `request_duration_seconds`, and `requests_received_total` Internal Metrics {#deprecate-obsolete-http-metrics}
```

> The `requests_completed_total`, `request_duration_seconds`, and `requests_received_total` internal metrics will be removed in the 0.35.0 release.

Reviewer 2: Will they be replaced with anything? Or we just don't think they are valuable?

Author: Yes, the replacements are provided in the table below.

> The `requests_completed_total`, `request_duration_seconds`, and `requests_received_total` internal metrics will be removed in the 0.35.0 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `requests_completed_total`, `request_duration_seconds`, and `requests_received_total` internal metrics are removed in the 0.35.0 release.
```
The public docs style guide calls for all docs to be written in present tense.

> | Deprecated Metric           | Replacement Metric                  | Affected Components                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Deprecated metric           | Replacement metric                  | Affected components                                                                      |
```
